Add Docker article (#5506)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/install/PowerShell-in-Docker.md

---

> title: Using  PowerShell in Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Using PowerShell in Docker
```

description: How to use PowerShell that is preinstalled in a Docker image.
ms.devlang: powershell
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 03/03/2020
---

# Using PowerShell in Docker

> We are publishing Docker images with PowerShell preinstalled. This article shows you how to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish Docker images with PowerShell preinstalled. This article shows you how to get
```

[instructions][install] to install `docker` correctly.

The release containers derive from the official distribution image, such as `centos:7`, then install
dependencies, and finally install the PowerShell package.

These containers live at [hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/powershell][docker-release].

For more information about these Docker images, visit the [PowerShell-Docker][PowerShell-Docker]
repository on GitHub.

## Using PowerShell in a container

The following steps show the Docker commands required to download the image and start an interactive
PowerShell session.

```console
docker run -it mcr.microsoft.com/powershell
```

### Remove the image when no longer needed

The following command is used to delete the Docker container when you no longer need it.

```console
docker rmi mcr.microsoft.com/powershell
```

## Legal and Licensing

PowerShell is licensed under the [MIT license][].

### Windows Docker File and Image Licenses

By requesting and using the Container OS Image for Windows containers, you acknowledge,
understand, and consent to the Supplemental License Terms available on Docker hub:

> - [Window Server Core](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/windowsservercore/)

Reviewer 2: Why not maintain consistency and use the other localized link system as all the other links on the page?

- [Nano Server](https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/nanoserver/)

### Telemetry

> By default, PowerShell collects the OS description and the version of PowerShell (equivalent to

Reviewer: This is no longer accurate with PS7.  Should just say something like: By default, PowerShell collects limited telemetry without personally identifiable information to help aid development of future versions of PowerShell.
